Sure, here's the text with each sentence on a new line:

Haunted At Midnight

Chapter I, Just a coincidence?

Day 1, 00:00 am:
I was strapped to my bed, I couldn't move.
I was cold, extremely cold, my bed was winter.
I wanted to scream for help but I couldn’t, my voice was empty.
The darkness that surrounded me was watching, glaring right into my soul.
In the shadows, my eyes had locked onto an unnaturally tall and lanky figure shambling around, panting heavily next to my closet in the corner of the room while I could hear TV static faintly playing in the background.
The very next second, I jetted out of sleep, sweating profusely and panting heavily.
I take a moment to process what just happened, the simple image of an unknown figure shambling around my room was mind-shaking, I can't describe what happened at that moment.
But there is a logical explanation for everything right?
I go back to bed shaken since it was a strike at midnight.

Day 1, 7:15 am:
The next morning I woke up very shaken about my last night’s experience.
I do not believe in ghosts but what happened last night changed that.

Day 1, 8:15 am:
I live 5 minutes away from a small cafe with which I have a good relationship since I go there every weekend to get a coffee.
The people there are also quite friendly.
Once I have had my morning coffee I walk back home and start work.
Work goes by without incident.
Suddenly while I am having dinner my dog goes ballistic, so ballistic that I have to apologize to the apartment below me.
I think it was pretty weird since my dog is usually quite calm but I brush it off.
As soon as my head hits my soft fluffy pillow I am off to sleep.
But after a few hours, I begin to hear that same TV static as last night.
It felt like I was being glared at just like last night and I still couldn't move.
I tried to close my eyes but I couldn't.
As I was beginning to panic things only got worse.
My bed was being stalked by the same figure as last night.
Just as it was about to reach me I woke up.
Yet again I was sweating profusely and panting heavily, Just as before it was strike midnight.
Having a dream 2 times about the same thing is quite out of the ordinary but I just think to myself "Just a coincidence?", and go back to sleep.

Day 2, 7:15 am:
The next morning I decided to ask one of my good friends, Cameron, if I can crash at their place for the night with my dog.
Cameron gladly invites me to crash at his house at 4:30 pm, 30 minutes after my work ends, to crash for the night.
As soon as my clock hits 4:00 I close my laptop and grab a bag from my closet then I start to pack some tech like my phone and one of my many gaming consoles.
I ride for about 10 minutes to Cameron's house.
I knock on his maroon door and he lets me in and welcomes me.
I and Cameron stay up late, until midnight, watching horror movies like IT and Annabel.
It was at this moment the TV static began again and the TV was going crazy until I and Cameron could hear some distorted voices coming from the TV, I could make out a distorted male voice saying “Into the mirror, into the mirror we go”.
I thought, “Once is nothing, twice is a coincidence and a third is proof".
I and Cameron evacuate the house immediately.
So now I know that I cannot leave these experiences, they are always there right behind me watching no matter what.

Day 2, 00:05 am:
Cameron is freaked and my dog was barking and whimpering while hiding behind my legs.
I could see fear in Cameron's eyes as he watches all of the lights flicker on and off while we were outside in his backyard.
All of this is like a nightmare in a nightmare but in reality.
From behind me, I could hear knocking on the old wood fence that was quite creaky.
I look behind me and start to approach the old wooden fence.
And then a man who was also in his 30's says "What’s the deal? I am trying to sleep", "Take a hint" I respond.
This man looks at me, grunts, hops down from his fence and walks back to his house.
I walk back to Cameron and tell him that it is okay and he just needs to calm down.
Then I say "It's probably just an electrical issue and your TV was probably weird since there is a logical explanation for everything." while trying to hide my previous experiences.
Cameron agrees while nodding his head.
Eventually the flickering and the static stop.
Cameron and I go back inside and get some sleep shaken.

Day 3, 6:30 am:
I take my things and say goodbye to Cameron saying "If it happens again just dunk your house and yourself in salt", I joke.
As I was riding home my bike’s back wheel just falls off, no warning no nothing just seamlessly falls off.
I grunt loudly and proceed to put the wheel back on my bike.
I ride home confused and frustrated when I get back home my door just wouldn't open.
About 2 minutes later it blasted open and I fell right to the ground.
I get back up and take my dog off his lead then I put my backpack on the ground next to my green door.
My dog and I sit down on my red couch and decide to watch TV.
My dog sits on my lap not allowing me to move, I pat him on the head and say "Hey Fundo, What happened last night?".
I push my dog off my lap and move to the kitchen where I take some chicken and rice leftovers from my fridge and put them in the microwave.
After dinner, I take my dog for a walk once we get home I brush my teeth and go to sleep.
As usual, at midnight I begin

 to hear that haunting TV static but this time instead of this figure shambling around next to my closet, it standing right above me just glaring down at me.
In the blink of an eye, this dark figure morphs into a creepy 3-meter-tall creature with a face of nightmares.
Its face had psychotic, dark eyes that sort of glowed with what looked like scratches around the eyes paired with a smile of terror.
Parts of the face were covered by thin pieces of hair.
My mind freezes in shock.
I tried to wake up but couldn’t, only the figure remained.

Chapter II, Shadows in the Dark.

Day 4, 00:23 am:
I wake up screaming, and Fundo rushes in.
He has the “What’s going on?” look printed right on his face.
I was in shock.
I think back it had felt like a lifetime of seeing the figure standing above me.
Fundo runs to the front door like someone was there.
I get up and turn on all of my lights.
I walk up to my front door and look through the peephole I could almost make out a shadow that looked exactly like the figure that I saw in my dream.
I walk back to my room, grab my phone, and snap a picture through the peephole.
When reviewing the photo I could almost see the same

 thin strands of hair that were covering up parts of the figure from my dream.
I take a step back from the door and build up the courage to open it.
Nothing, there was nothing there, I think it might be some debris on the peephole so I grab a tissue from my bedside table and wipe it off, I close the door and then look through the peephole again the figure remains.
I walk to my desk and tweet the incident on Twitter.
After watching videos on my phone for a few hours I check my computer.
Still nothing.
I look through the peephole again, My body filled up with fear as I could see multiple shadows that wore shambling and crawling around the hall and some heading towards my door!
I quickly jolt away from the peephole.

Day 4, 6:12 pm:
I check the time “6:12, eh that’s ok.”, I change into some more welcoming clothes and call Cameron to pick me up since I was too scared to walk out of that green door myself.
I wait about 5 minutes to see A distorted Cameron outside my peephole.
I find the courage to open the door and see a distorted Cameron.
He says “What’s the matter, Joe?”, I respond “I just did not feel safe walking out myself.”, He nodded in approval saying “Yeah, what had happened that night was completely horrifying”, I also nod in agreement.
He walks me out of my duplex and drops me off at my local coffee shop.

Day 4, 6:24 pm:
While I am at the cafe, I go to the toilet.
When I look in the mirror when I wash my hands I see the figure behind me for a split second.
I run out of the bathroom, grab my coffee and get out of the cafe as fast as I can, I know people were looking at me like “What the hell is that guy doing?”.

Day 4, 6:39 pm:
When I get back home my dog greets me more than usual as something weird had happened and he was glad that I was home so no more weird stuff would happen.
I say hello to Fundo then discover that my closet had been completely ransacked not like everything had been poured out, like scratches that almost looked like human scratches at the top of the closet.
This could not have been Fundo.

Day 4, 6:43:
I get my phone and take pictures of the scratches as evidence, I go online on my computer and look for a therapist.
About 15 minutes later I find a good therapist at green mind psychology.
I booked a session for 10:45 am today.
Now all that had been needed is to wait.
Waiting and Waiting until the ticking clock turns to 10.
I look back from my bright phone screen to look back at the clock.
The clock was glowing like the creature’s eye, I blink again.
The clock showed “10:02” nothing was abnormal.
I take my phone and place it inside my laptop back and also take my laptop for whatever reason.

Day 4, 10:32 am:
I take about a 30-minute walk to a nice calm cozy place it felt like I had been there before I had just felt so good like nothing could stop me.
I walked in feeling so good and feeling so great.
It had seemed like the calming effect of the building was just so nice.
I walked in confidently to see a nice woman greeting me at the front desk with no computer just a piece of paper and a phone.
She took me to the room where I began to feel a bit more negative and as we went down the hall which seemed to go on forever I felt more negative with each door we passed.
I could not go down any further.
I told the lady walking down this long hallway that I had changed my mind and wanted to cancel my appointment.
She gave me a strange look and crossed my name off her piece of paper.
“If you don’t mind me asking, why did you decide to cancel your appointment?” she asked.
“I am not sure. As we walked through the hallway I felt more negative with each room we passed.” I respond.
“Well, that is quite strange, isn’t it? Well, I am glad that you told me.” She said.

Day 4, 11:32 am:
I left and took a taxi back home.
As he was driving I noticed he looked quite familiar.
This was the moment I realized that there was not one other person in this car there were multiple.
These “people” were more manifestations or interpretations of a person when they were soulless shadows of the dead.
I asked the taxi driver to stop and drop me off.
The shadows had disappeared and he dropped me off.
I was about 5 minutes away from my duplex.
I was near my local cafe so I grab lunch since I can not be bothered to make myself lunch.
I walk back to my home and as last time I tried to open the door It was stuck.
Maybe I just needed to replace it.
I prepared for the brace and “Ouch, Yeah I should just replace it.” I say.
And Fundo of course comes in and starts licking me.
I get up and say hello to him he looked happy.

Day 4, 11:42 am:
I put my stuff down on my desk.
I take another taxi to IKEA so I can get a new closet.
How I managed to get it home and get out of IKEA is a mystery.
The rest of the day is building the new closet.
After a LONG day of actually doing something I make myself dinner.
As I am enjoying my dinner someone else is too.
I am pretty sure Fundo likes the leftovers.

Day 5, 00:08 am:
That night I was not alone.
The feeling of being watched was much stronger than usual.
The only light source was from my alarm clock and the window light.
There was no one in the room but the lights had cast shadows of humanoid figures onto the wall.
As the feeling of being watched got stronger and stronger with every second the shadows cast on my wall began to disappear.
My body rushed with relief but that relief was crushed.
When instead of shadows there were figures. all over my room.
Some moving some just standing there staring at me.
The figures were lanky and tall and vaguely humanoid.
One even looked identical to me but yet vaguely humanoid.

Chapter III, m1rr0r

Day 5, 00:16:
I wake up in a cold sweat.
Fundo yet again comes up and lays on my legs.
My phone rings with an unusual ringtone, My soul almost left my body.
I decline the call immediately.
I still see figures very faintly in the background.
Now horrified to go back to sleep, my phone rings again with that same uncanny ringtone.
This time I pick up and I instantly regret it.
A distorted, uncanny voice reaches out, this voice was very similar to the voice from the incident but it was not coming from my phone it was coming from everywhere but my phone.
At first, it was just different low-quality tones and buzzing sounds.
And then it began to say something like “Awake, asleep—doesn't matter. Shadows, always watching.”
I cannot make out what it is saying due to the distortion but suddenly I got a rush of paranoia.
And of course, it felt as if someone was watching me.
I take it as a normal feeling as we always feel

 that way right?
Is it just my mind playing tricks on my right?
Was the call real or was it just some sick prank?
I suddenly get this moment of questioning where I begin to question everything like a spiral.
I go back to sleep but with the constant feeling that someone was there.

Day 5, 8: